She had said, so that one could keep up a conversation!
All smile were real and the happier，the more sincere.
In which fox loses a tail and its elder sister finds one.
Zero four three a silver shilling is journey.
I'd far rather go without them than eat them!
She was born on april nineteen forty three.
Suppose I take grandmother a fresh vegetable.
Does the one that wins get the crowned?
Confess that you opened the thirteenth door.
The elephant and the carpenter is the longest.
They went up to the dark mass job had pointed out.
Andy what's the gyre and to gamble.
That was his chief thought.
On the twenty second of last march.
Chapter ten a warm welcome.
I have bunburyed all over goat on two separate occasions.
Annie please please don't hurt me!
Why has this egg not broken?
Then sadly it is much farther.
At the roots-of a bush of a grass.
As rich-as Peter's son in law!
And what are doves. And what are doves.
I thought you meant how old are you?
The football teams give a tea party.
She is now choosing skirt to wear.
Let's make the noise a snake.
Rat came and replied on the leaves.
Must a name mean something?
All smile were real and the happier the more sincere .
Who is been repeating all that hard stuff to you?
This used to be Jerry's occupation.
A divine wrath made her blue eyes awful.
The name really is the agedaged man.
In which fox loses a tail and its elder sister finds one.
Story twenty nine a boy and a monkey.
Take courage all isn't lost yet.
The nastiest things they saw were the cobwebs.
They'd never know I'd regular ran away.
Rabbit gave dog a hurrying up sort of nudge.
Said the American to Chinese.
Are you a regular darkey really?
A deafening chirruping rent the air.
Your midget wife never can sing a song.
Zero four three a silver shilling is journey.
Asteroid three hundred and twenty five.
Tom could hardly speak for laughing.
I'd far rather go without them than eat them!
She was born on April nineteen forty three.
A fair jaw cracker dwarf language must be!
Suppose I take grandmother a fresh vegetable.
